convert to origami 2.0 component (#274)
Financial-Times/o-overlay: MIGRATION.md

# Migration

> ## Migrating from v4 to v5
> 
> Support for Bower and version 2 of the Origami Build Service have been removed.
> 
> Follow [the migration guide on the Origami website](https://origami.ft.com/docs/tutorials/bower-to-npm/).
> 
> ## Migrating from v3 to v4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrating from v3 to v4

Support for Bower and version 2 of the Origami Build Service have been removed.
Follow [the migration guide on the Origami website](https://origami.ft.com/docs/tutorials/bower-to-npm/).

In addition the following `oLayers` events have been replaced, find and replace them in your project:
```
